# Advising Roadmap App
This is the Advising Roadmap app, an application intended to help students stay on the right track throughout their college career. This app includes many functions for both students and advisors that make academic advisment and course selection easier and more efficient for all.
## Registration
This page will display the students current and past registrations throughout their time in college. Here, students can see which classes they've taken and see the grade they earned for each class. Color coding and iconography also make it very easy for students to see ehat classes have been passed, classes that they could have earned a better grade it, anc classes that have been failed. Registrations are seperated by semester, with the most recent semesters being displayed first.
## Roadmap
The roadmap view is where students can see all the courses that they need to take in order to complete their degree. These roadmaps are based off the course catalog for each degree. The page is layed out in a semester-by-semester view, providing a clear roadmap of which courses students need to take, and when they should take them. They can also see which type of general education and elective classes they need to take. As students take and complete courses, the roadmap will begin to fill these courses with grades and color coding, giving students a clear view of what they've taken and what they still need to complete. It encourages students to fill the roadmap with all green to get their degree completed. In addition, custom roadmaps can also be created by advisors to cater to each individual student.
## Custom Roadmaps
Custom roadmaps are an option for advisors to use with their students to better help them on an individual basis. Using the standard roadmap from a students degree as a base, the advisor can go in and move classes around to different semesters and fill in general education and elective slots with actual classes. This allows advisors to give better recommendations to students on what they should take depending on their goals and desired career path, while still ensuring that they are able to take all their required courses.
## Future Plan
The future plan page is where students can go to plan out what classes they should take in upcoming semesters. This page allows students to create theoretical semesters and see how it will affect their overall roadmap. It also allows them to input grades in to see how earning certain grades could impact their overall GPA, so they can plan accordingly when considering retaking a course. Students can save these plans to come back to them later, and they can also share them with their advisor to see their recommendation.
## Chat
The chat function allows students to chat with their advisor and helps encourage better communication between them. 